Whos Says Myspace’s UI Isn’t Good?
Published on April 27, 2007.
I have a Myspace account, mainly to keep in touch with people who don’t have Facebook accounts.
It’s sort of like making a deal with the devil, but hey, people use it.
Anyway, I was reading some stupid “bulletin” that one of my “friends” posted.
It was just some lame spam.
Then I noticed that Myspace actually does keep the user in mind in some cases.
See the above screencap?
Whoa, there’s a “Delete From Friends” button!
Genius. It saved me like 10 clicks to do it the hard way.
Sorry Slevin, it’s time we went our separate ways.
Maybe this means that Myspace really isn’t all about the $$$.
Okay, probably not.